hi I'm Yusuf and this is the unboxing of
the sahni white dualshock 3 controller
so I've ordered it from ebay and it's
just arrived from hong kong so just
going to open it up here i got it for
around 30 pounds well obviously cuz it's
from hong kong the possum packaging a
little bit the DualShock i'm using now
which is the picture of the black one l
two buttons a bit wrecked at the moment
it's all good so I decided to buy a new
jewel shop it is all wrapped up check it
out Wow about this guy's cool and just
look at that I mean you can't actually
buy the white dualshock in the UK so I
looks amazing and these are a Pinto up
and so take me quite a while but there
it is the white dualshock 3 controller
so if you're after a new DualShock I'd
recommend buying one because they just
look absolutely amazing I've just cut
open the actual packaging so it took me
quite a while but here it is just going
to open it up now
that's sir just instructions but I think
everyone knows how to use it it is Wow
guys died something analog smooth are
the l2 button yeah my cut once did a bit
intrigued by it alright so we got just
gonna open it Wow oh that's amazing wow
so this is all the way from hong kong
brand new white girl shock free i mean i
highly recommend it to anyone who hasn't
even got jewel shop free shame on you
but it just makes the whole experience
of playing your ps3 better so i'd
recommend it to anyone who hasn't got a
dualshock 4 in if you want to spare one
get the white one so that's it goodbye
thanks for watching see you next time